In the New Project wizard, if you have a long default directory or location,
it's not easy (i.e. impossible unless you're willing to play around) to see the
entire directory path.  This may not be a problem on UNIX, but on Windows the
"Documents and Settings" and "My Documents" defaults lead to long paths.  I've
only tried this with creating new Java and Simple projects, so I don't know how
many others share this problem.

Usually the way I've seen this solved is by allowing the user to select in the
text field for the directory and effectively scroll it by moving the cursor
right or left with the arrow keys.  That doesn't work in Eclipse, because of two
interactions.  First, when you have Use Default (for Simple projects; it's
Create Project in Workspace for Java projects), the directory text box is
totally inactive and cannot be selected.  Second, if you unselect "Use
Default"/"Create..In Workspace", the text field is cleared.  So either way, you
can't see the right end of the path.

It turns out that you can increase the width of the directory text box by
stretching the dialog box horizontally.  This is unnatural, at least to me,
because a) it's common for dialog boxes on Windows to be fixed size; b) it's
also common that when you can resize dialog boxes, the fields within don't
always resize; c) you wind up with really large dialog boxes that can obscure
other interesting areas of the screen.  I can get by with this right now, so
it's obviously not critical, but I think it's a useful usability improvement to fix.

Either or both of the above fixes are ok, i.e. allowing selection and movement
within the inactive text box, but prohibiting change, or keeping the default
text in the text box when unselecting the "Use Default" check box - perhaps with
the entire contents preselected, so that users who don't want it at all can
easily clear the text box.  I'm not sure if that makes this one usability bug or
two separate usability enhancements.  

Gary